## New Yorkers Face a Training Gap for Tech Jobs, but a Study Finds Hope
# https://www.nytimes.com/2020/02/12/technology/new-yorkers-tech-training.html

I thought that this article's mention of the perspective of the working/middle class was very eye-opening. Though I believed that the job application process was very difficult for Computer Science students at NYU CAS, I hadn't really considered how difficult getting into the field would be for someone who did not have the same circumstances and privileges as I did. There are many people who would find a lot of beauty in the struggles of programming that cannot find the opportunity to reach proper training, which is awfully tragic; for that reason alone, I'm in full support of these training facilities. Any opportunity that allows others to do what they love and live comfortably while doing so is immensely valuable. Plus, the surge in potential employees will fill the surge of upcoming tech jobs quite nicely. On another note, the article also had me thinking about how accessable programming is without any formal instruction. I understand that there are many who become fantastic programmers without a day of formal education, but I'm not sure that it should be a trademark of the discipline. I could be confusing my inability to pick up programming at a younger age with my lack of discipline and drive as an 18-year-old, but I still believe that having a set of instructors goes a long way toward progression. 

# Cool article. - Edward Cheung